Updated readme for FillNA and DFRowFunc (#93)
andersbogsnes/ml_tooling: README.md

3   4  Error     0.0

```

#### Example for strategy

> The build-in strategies are 'mean', 'median', 'most_freq', 'max' and 'min. An example of 'mean' are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in strategies are 'mean', 'median', 'most_freq', 'max' and 'min. An example of 'mean' would be:
```
